
Loren Anderson
Varsity Coach, 

"Play brave. Learn loud. Laugh often."

Loren Anderson brings over a decade of coaching experience and an unapologetically bold vision to Century High School Volleyball. As head coach of both the girls' and boys' varsity programs, he is known for fusing competitive intensity with an athlete-centered, joy-driven culture that values growth over perfection—and connection over control.

A lifelong student of the game, Loren champions an ecological approach to coaching, favoring game-based learning, purposeful play, and meaningful decision-making over traditional drills and rote repetition. (If you're looking for cones and lines, you're probably in the wrong gym.)

Before taking the reins at Century, Loren founded Rise Volleyball Academy in Idaho, where he built a thriving community grounded in athlete development and positive coaching. Today, that same philosophy powers the launch of Tualatin Valley Volleyball Club, a new and affordable option for local athletes who want to play hard, learn deeply, and travel less.

Off the court, Loren writes and podcasts about modern coaching methods, ecological dynamics, and building cultures of trust, courage, and belonging. He's also a firm believer that volleyball is better when it's fun—and yes, that includes a steady supply of terrible dad jokes (you've been warned).

In Loren's world, every rep is a chance to learn, and every player has something to teach us.

Amy Henderson
Varsity Assistant Coach

Amy grew up on the Oregon Coast and started playing volleyball in elementary school.  After high school she attended Pacific University, where she also continued playing volleyball.  Amy began coaching after college and has worked with athletes from 5th grade through high school. Most recently, she served as the assistant varsity coach for Century High School and coaches club for Tualatin Valley Volleyball Club.


Cameron Artz
JV Coach

Cameron is originally from Pittsburgh and started playing volleyball in high school. He attended Virginia Tech where he continued his playing career. After college, Cameron began coaching at Olentangy Orange High School, in Ohio, as the boy’s JV coach. He stayed in that position for four years before joining the Gahanna Lincoln Lions girl’s program as the varsity assistant coach for one year prior to moving to Oregon. While in Oregon, Cameron has coached at Century High School and AJAX Volleyball Academy.

Katy Artz
JV2 Coach

Katy is originally from Columbus and started playing volleyball in middle school. She attended Ohio State University and began her coaching career.  She has coached at various high schools in Ohio at the freshmen - varsity levels. She coached club volleyball at Rogue Volleyball club in Columbus. Katy also coached boys volleyball at the high school level and was both the boys and girls head coach at Gahanna Lincoln high school before moving to Oregon. While in Oregon, Katy has coached at Century High School and Athena Volleyball Academy.

Rosalie Artz
Assistant Coach
Rosalie was born in Columbus Ohio and has been in the volleyball gym since she was a week old. She started out as a spectator being held in the stands. She now loves coming to practices and games. She will shag the volleyballs and help the team tear down the net. You can see her running around the gym and emphasizing coaching points with the team.

